= Monitoring & Controlling (M&C) - Redmine Plugin

M&C is a Redmine Plugin used as a chart tool to monitoring issues' project 

== Website - Portuguese only

* Visite: Monitoramento-&-Controle[http://alexmonteiro.github.com/Redmine-Monitoring-Controlling]

== Features
===Master Version (0.1.2) (Redmine 1.4.x or 2.0.x)
====Release notes
* Included progress bar on top right
* Refactoring menu structure
* Scrollbar on Time Management charts
====Task Management
* Pie and Bar Chart of issues by category;
* Pie Chart of issues by statuses;
* Pie Chart of manageable and unmanagleabe issues;
* Chart with overdue tasks by project.
====Time Management
* Line chart with estimated hours and spent hours till due date of tasks.
* Column chart with ammount of estimated and spent hours on project.
====Human Resource Management
* Column Bar charts issues by Assignee
* Column Bar chart with issues by Status of each Assignee

== How to install 

=== Requirements

* Redmine trunk version;

=== Step-by-step

* Copy or clone the app on Redmine plugin folder with the same name like: /vendor/plugins/redmine_monitoring_controlling
    
    cd /{redmineInstalationDir}/vendor/plugins
    git clone http://github.com/alexmonteiro/Redmine-Monitoring-Controlling.git redmine_monitoring_controlling
    
* Run 
	rake db:migrate_plugins to copy the assets.
* Restart your redmine application.
* Activate your M&C on projects modulues.

== License
 
Redmine Monitoring & Controlling Plugin is open source and released under the terms of the {GNU General Public License - GPL - v3}[https://github.com/alexmonteiro/Redmine-Monitoring-Controlling/blob/master/license.txt].
Check {GNU GPL v3 quick guide}[http://www.gnu.org/licenses/quick-guide-gplv3.html] for more information.

== Credits

* Highcharts[http://www.highcharts.com/]: interactive javascript charts for your web projects;
* Railscasts[http://railscasts.com/]: learn how to use highcharts on your rails app in #223[http://railscasts.com/episodes/223-charts] episode.